And the owner of the site, he said that we should not put WhatsApp, we should not write something like replace WhatsApp group, because it's like affecting the name. This is not like supposed to be a WhatsApp alternative. Just don't put the name. Find better wording from context and all that. And also for that dashboard, that landing page. If that landing page, that dashboard, work on it properly. If we can, you see that 300 level production lab report? The guy is saying that all these stuff are not supposed to be here. But I understand it's because he didn't present it well. If we can put it like as if it's like a frame that can animate into the screen left to right, or when you scroll there, you can scroll it left to right and see. Because that page is just supposed to show brief introduction of what the site actually do. On the site, there are things that me personally want to upgrade. I'm talking about things like, you see the, you see currently there is no, the site is not tailored to Uniben properly. That is this course rep, which is the admin, he actually created this thing for his class, and his class is in Uniben, and he's a production engineering 400, 300 level student. So, there should be courses. Search for Uniben, it's open, search for Uniben courses. Even if the site is down, search for other courses, Uniben production courses. You can search for them, that 300 level courses, you can search rapidly. For files, you just put some demo files yourself, because I'm not, because you know that the storage is not consistent, so you have to like make sure that the default seeding will be okay. So, the files, there should be files upload, there should be multiple, okay, it's just one class the admin is handling, okay. So that is one space. And you want you understand the concept of the site that is like where there will be no distraction or chat or something like that, but the users, it's like an app that the people always see information properly. For the timetable, it's just showing five days. There should be like, just like in calendar UI, there should be a way you can see the calendar UI properly, that is that drop down properly. You know that thing I'm talking about. So, and also for the, I'm seeing that the site link is showing space dots, space dots, something. But that's part of, that part of sharing the link. You should actually use the current URL of the site so it actually work. I want to start back everything to work. That invitation with the, work on the invitation card, the ID, the class ID properly. You know in Uniben, we use things like PRE-420. That's the current session for us. That is our set. So all those type of things, because that's what is on our group chat. Then there's another thing I was thinking about. The courses are PRE. We have PRE-311, PRE-321, something like that. The timetable should be proper and kind of showing the calendar. There should be a school calendar. You need to research a lot.