Currently, when the first app was built actually, it was built, it's actually like a mobile app built for just mobile. But right now, just for, don't touch the mobile view. All the current view or display should be current for mobile and those type of devices. But now that I'm doing the presentation on a laptop, so work on laptop views to be responsive, proper layouts and everything. So on desktop, we should not be having a mobile view, we should be having a desktop view. But mobile view should be also solid. And also, for these changes, import skills, import research online, import skills. I think I know some I worked with before. I had skills like, this is to avoid this anti-slope design that is currently on the site. But though the design is fine, the team or the design, the font or the design, the color is nice. But maybe if there are a few things we can just change, it will be, you just need a taste, you need the taste skill, that design taste skill from GitHub, something like that. The Unicode, Unicodeify skill, UI/UX Pro skill, all the type of skills that will enhance how the project will feel. We even have the Swiper.js or Framer Motion skill. These skills, even context, several skills. The Context7 MCP skill so that the content will be okay. Then, this skill will just help improve the whole site. The design is currently nice, especially for mobile, but if there are improvements we can make to even improve it more, because we are presenting this today, about 20 minutes from now. And there were some features that I think need to be worked on properly. That's what you need, you need good backend skill to help you with, with thinking. I think there are some backend skills, there are some features that we didn't finish. We were working on the voting, I should check. We were actually working on the voting feature. So we were working on the polls and voting feature before the site crashed. But I see some issues I'm observing. The UI, sometimes UI are breaking, are going blank. Sometimes the site will just go blank. I don't want all these errors, you need to research properly, think properly, build this thing. I'm doing this presentation soon, and I need to win.